# Google Foobar, Wyatt's solutions to

Google Foobar, foo.bar: This used to exist, at https://foobar.withgoogle.com/, and if you googled a topic like "Bloom filters", which i did, google would sometimes warp the page to invite you to participate in this challenge, which apparently they used to recruit engineers, except by the time I completed it that possibility was completely unutilized, so instead it was just a somewhat-satisfying series of programming (and operations research lol) problems, about bunnies and spaceships, which my dad and I and some of my friends completed, but which ultimately came to nothing and was just a distraction — the sad fate of many things in this dying, cooling society.

Since foobar is completely shut down now, I feel comfortable sharing my solutions, in this public git repo. Even though they are probably of no interest to anyone. Including myself.

People were randomly assigned foobar problems out of what seems to be a small pool, so I do not have all possible foobar problems here, only the ones I encountered. After submitting your "final" google foobar problem, you were allowed to request one more per day, but I didn't do this (or at least didn't do it more than once).

This code is presented AS IS, with absolutely no warranty, etc etc. You can have it public domain, dual-licensed with MIT-0 license, I guess. Sometimes there are several versions of each solution, the rough one being sort of a scratchpad (this folder wasn't version-controlled at this time). There is a document hmm.txt which I guess is my notes on one of the problems, but I haven't bothered to figure out which.

This being the early days of chatgpt public availability, at one point I asked chatgpt to translate some wikipedia pseudocode for an algorithm (Edmonds-Karp, probably?) into Python. Honestly, chatgpt could probably solve all of these problems, through the power of regurgitation, but I'm a dyed-in-the-wool puzzler and will not make a robot solve the puzzles for me. That defeats the point of fun puzzles. (In this case, though, I considered the translation rote enough that getting chatgpt to do it was not problematic, once I had already figured out the right algorithm to use (I'm also not an Operations Researcher, so I'm not making up these algorithms whole cloth anyway). I also presumably adjusted the code subsequently.)
(Why did I use chatgpt to translate some wikipedia pseudocode for an algorithm for Edmonds-Karp if Ford–Fulkerson algorithm already has python code on it? Was it a different algorithm? Did I perhaps think that using python code directly provided by wikipedia was a dishonorable? Could I not figure out how to adapt the algorithm otherwise?)
(Amusing anecdote: for this same algorithm, or possibly a different one, I tried to get chatgpt to translate some algorithm I found on The On-Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences (OEIS) (I think) that was written in J or Maple or something (I think) and it just completely whiffed it. Sorry, ye olde numberical computation code. The beautiful machine mind no lo comprendo.)

python 2.7 online repl I used (since I have python 3 installed on my system but google foobar runs on python 2.7, which messes up a tiny number of particulars):
https://replit.com/@Matteopieva/python-27
